Cleanup Trackpad/Clarify online vs offline Installer (#187)
dortania/OpenCore-Install-Guide: installer-guide/README.md

* [OpenCorePkg](https://github.com/acidanthera/OpenCorePkg/releases), highly recommend running the debug version to show more info
* [ProperTree](https://github.com/corpnewt/ProperTree) to edit .plist files (OpenCore Configurator is another tool but is heavily outdated and the Mackie version is known for corruption. **Please avoid these kinds of tools at all costs!**).
* You must remove Clover from your system entirely if you wish to use OpenCore as your main boot-loader. Keep a backup of your Clover based EFI. See here on what needs to be cleaned: [Clover Conversion](https://github.com/dortania/OpenCore-Install-Guide/tree/master/clover-conversion)

> ### Online vs Offline Installer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Online vs offline installer
```

Author: This is a title, isn't it? Offline/Installer should be caps

Reviewer: In that case, `### Making the installer` should also be in caps

> Offline installers have a complete copy of macOS, while Online installers are only a recovery image (~500MB) which then download macOS from Apple servers once booted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Offline installers have a complete copy of macOS, while online installers are only a recovery image (~500MB) which then download macOS from Apple servers once booted.
```

* Offline
  * Can only be made in macOS
  * Windows/Linux do not have the APFS/HFS drivers needed to assemble a full installer
* Online
  * Can be made in macOS/Linux/Windows

>   * Requires a working internet connection at the target machine which works in macOS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Requires a working internet connection via a macOS supported network adapter on the target machine
```
